♪
You gonna eat all that by
yourself, Chojiro?
Of course not Yuya.
I'm planning on saving this
apple for later.
(both gasp)
(Chojiro laughing)
Just joking.
I saved some
scraps for you.
Eat up!
(both gasp)
(both)
Oh, boy!
(man)
This ain't fair!
I didn't do nothin'!
That's what they all say.
Honest, I'm innocent!
I'd never give up three
squares and free dental!
Word on the yard is his crew was
plannin' a breakout without him.
A breakout?
(both gasp)
(Chojiro)
Selfish fools.
They don't think about what
happens to the ones
who get left behind.
What does happens to 'em?
Whenever a prisoner gets caught
planning or trying to escape,
his pals get punished, too.
The guards round them all up...
drag them off and nobody ever
sees them again.
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
What the...
(gasps)
This is... Crow's.
Hey, Yuya.
You ready to
clean house today?
What?
You mean I have to sweep
the whole place!?
Naw silly.
Talking about dueling.
We want see a rematch
from yesterday.
Chojiro's game if you are.
But this time, we're going to
duel in the cafeteria
for all the inmates to see.
They all could use
a little entertainment.
They're sick of playing "guess
what's on top of the slop."
And it won't just be us two.
We can make it a whole
duel tournament!
I can see it now!
We'll feature only
the best of the best.
(Sylvio)
Best of the best, huh?
Then you're gonna need me.
(Chojiro)
I did not know such
little shoulders
could carry such a big head.
They can, old man.
I look forward to showing you
how bold old can be.
Crow!
Hey, this is yours.
What, do you want a lollipop for
getting me this picture?
What are you talking about?
Listen, your duel later better
be so entertaining that
the inmates and guards can't
take their eyes off of you.
Cause if it isn't, you and I are
gonna have problems.
I didn't do nothin!
Selfish fools
Are you planning what
I think you are?
Just stop talking to me, Yuya.
I'm not messin' around.
But Crow...
You and I aren't
friends anymore.
Yo, Crow!
What's up, bro?
Hey, Damon.
I just thought I'd drop by to
check out your "vacation house."
Some vacation.
(gasps)
I know you.
Looks like Security
got to you, huh?
I knew it!
You and your girl
ain't too bright,
putting up all those posters
about invasions and stuff.
Even the dumbest dummy knows
that Sector Security don't take
too kindly to that
kind of mischief.
A girl?
Zuzu.
You saw her?
She in here too?
'Cause if she isn't,
she will be soon.
(gasps)
Security always
gets their guy...
I mean girl.
Zuzu.
She's in trouble.
♪
(woman)
Director Roget.
We've analyzed the entry
forms for the Friendship Cup
and got a hit on those two
fugitives you were looking
for.
Ahh, how interesting
These two mice have
come out of hiding.
Approve them for entry
into the tournament.
Yes, sir...
Right away.
Those two are in for
the ride of their life.
Unfortunately, it will come
to a crashing conclusion.
♪
Take this.
Huh?
It's the key
to Rin's room here,
so make yourself at home.
Really?
Sure, why not?
And while you're there, give her
closet a whirl, too.
Rin loved to shop.
She was a real fashion plate.
There's gotta be something
for you to wear in there.
Besides, your style
is so five years ago.
Huh!?
It needs a serious update.
Either way, if you wear those
clothes much longer,
they'll walk away
on their own.
Who do you think you are?
If you ever talk like that to me
again, a lot more will hit
the fan you block head!
♪
(door opening)
Huh.
Water pressure's pretty good
in this dimension!
Rin Rin!
(laughing)
She's Zuzu,
not Rin Rin.
Close call there.
(whistling)
You entered us
in the tournament?
You better believe it.
I'm so gonna win
that Friendship Cup.
That's the promise
I made... with Rin Rin.
Oh... I entered you
in the tournament, too.
Wha‐‐
Ah...
You did what?
I figured when it's your
turn to duel you can tell
thousands of people all at once
about the dimensional war
coming instead of hoping they
see your little posters...
right?
Oh, man...
Excellent work, everyone.
Make sure you color coordinate
the bunting.
Who knew Chojiro was
such the decorator?
(Yuya)
Just be careful, okay?
You be careful, too, Yuya.
(Yuya)
So much for careful.
Hopefully Zuzu's still safe.
But if Security's zeroing in,
she won't be for long.
(Yuya)
Crow?
I want in.
If you're planning
on breaking out...
then I'm going with you.
(Yuya grunts)
I told you to stay away!
We're not friends
anymore, Yuya!
(gasping)
I'm only in here
'cause of you and your pals.
Crow!
(Yuya)
He's right.
If we didn't get
thrown in here,
he'd be home
safe and sound.
(man)
Come on, come on...
(man 2)
What's the holdup around here?
(man 3)
Wait 'til you see this!
(man 4)
I got places to be, okay?
It's time for Sylvio to shine!
(man)
This is gonna be awesome!
(overlapping chatter)
♪
A duel is the same
as life, my friends!
Some days,
you win.
Some days, you lose.
But what is important
is to enjoy
the journey.
Are you ready?
(crowd roars)
Yeah!
I'm all fired up because of one
special boy.
Yuya Sakaki!
(crowd murmurs)
Come up here.
(man)
Oh‐ho, look at this guy!
(man 2)
What makes him so special?
(man 3)
The Boss is gonna
chew that guy up!
Huh?
(Yuya)
I wish I could
make things right.
Wow, Yuya sure looks
down in the dumps.
Yeah.
♪
Yuya, his master Sylvio, and I
will all be dueling each other
in a battle royal!
I'm good with that.
But how 'bout we kick
things up a notch?
Really get things moving?
Let's have
an Action Duel!
What is that?
(crowd)
What's he talking about?
Let's just say it's the most
exciting thing to happen to
dueling since the invention
of the duel disk!
If you like danger, adventure
and action then this is for you!
Now that sounds like fun.
I guarantee it.
I activate the Action Field...
(robotic voice)
Crossover.
This duel's gonna
rock this block!
Right, Yuya?
Yuya!
Uh, yeah, this battle is gonna
leave you begging for more...
More Sylvio,
that it is!
Yeah! But enough outta me!
Without further ado...
Let us...
(all)
Duel!
(robotic voice)
Action cards dispersed.
First...
I'll take to the skies to get
this duel off the ground!
Hope he has insurance.
All right, it's time for Sylvio
the Superstar to shimmer
and shine!
I activate the action spell...
Illumination!
This'll light our stage
with blazing brilliance!
I've seen how you duel,
Cho‐zero!
You're gonna try to stop us from
summoning monsters, but this
spell is putting
the brakes on that idea!
Now my fellow felons,
I'm feeling extra generous today
so I'm going to show you
a mesmerizing new move!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 1 Abyss Actor Evil Heel
and Scale 8 Abyss
Actor Funky Comedian!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 2 and 7
at the same time!
You can Pendulum Summon, too?
You better believe it, pops!
Monsters emerge...
Allow me to introduce Abyss
Actor Superstar!
I thought you gotta Synchro
Summon to bring out
strong monsters like that!
Nah... I think you guys have
been locked up for too long.
(man)
Hey!
But you ain't
seen nothing yet!
Because I'm activating
the spell card
Abyss Stage Treasure Boat
of the Lucky Seven!
During our own turns, we each
put a monster on the boat to
keep it safe because
all our other monsters
will be destroyed.
Superstar, get your
sea legs ready!
I strongly suggest
you don't miss this boat!
You'll be sorry if
you don't get on deck.
Now, all aboard!
(Shinji)
Come on, hurry up.
This is our chance to escape
while the dueling
has all the guards distracted.
Well?
Can we make it through?
Yeah...
Piece of cake. (laughing)
(man)
Hey! What are you
doing there?
(man)
Hey! What are you
doing there?
You guys have been back
here a long time.
Oh! What's he doing?
Oh.
The exhaust fan wasn't
working so we thought
we'd fix it on our own.
He's a real
exhaust fan fan.
Okay.
But hurry it up, alright?
The duel's
already started.
Right...
It's my move!
I...
Draw!
(grunting)
Show 'em who
the boss is, boss!
Win this!
Let me see what this
Action Duel is all about.
I activate...
Sound Rebound!
(scared moan)
This will silence
any chance you have
of preventing me
from activating a spell.
I'm liking these Action Cards.
Now what should I do next
to really get
this crowd into this duel?
I activate Super Koi Koi!
I draw three cards from my deck,
and if any of them
are Flower Cardians,
I can summon them!
But if you draw don't
draw a Flower Cardian,
it goes straight
to the graveyard,
and you take a thousand points
of damage for every single one.
You only go around once, friend,
and I'm going 'round in style!
Time to draw!
(men chanting)
Draw, draw, draw, draw, draw!
Here's card number one!
Flower Cardian Clover with Boar!
One for one.
Let's see number two!
Flower Cardian Maple With Deer!
He got another Flower Cardian?
Of course he did.
He's our hero!
The final card.
This could make
it three for three.
Yes!
Flower Cardian Peony
With Butterfly!
Due to Super Koi Koi's effect,
these three lose all their
attack points,
and their Levels drop to 2.
Flower Cardian Peony
With Butterfly
tunes Clover
with Boar
and Maple with Deer!
Behold my friends...
As the majestic beauty
of the butterfly
tunes itself to the valor
and swiftness of the deer
and to the bravery of the boar,
I Synchro Summon!
Come forth,
Flower Cardian Boardefly!
Now go take root on the Treasure
Boat Of The Lucky Seven.
(man 2)
Hey!
(man)
All right!
You're going to have to do
better than that
to take me down.
You haven't seen anything yet,
but I'll save
my best for later.
Now then, take center
stage Yuya...
(surprised grunts)
(man)
Come on! Let's see some action!
(man 2)
What's his problem?
(man 3)
What's with that kid?
(Chojiro)
Yuya!
Uh, oh, right.
I draw.
I summon Performapal Hip Hippo.
(grunts)
(man)
That Hippo has more pop
in its step than that kid!
(Yuya)
Wonder when they're going
to make their move.
Are you ready to roll?
(Yuya)
While I'm here dueling,
Zuzu might be in real trouble.
I'm only in here cause
of you and your pals!
Oh.
Huh?
(man)
Come on, show us
what that Hippo can do!
And now...
I guess I'll end my turn.
(man)
Why don't he duel?
(man 2)
Come on, let's see some action!
(Chojiro)
What are you doing, Yuya?
I thought you said dueling was
all about making people smile?
(Sylvio)
The only thing you're making
people do right now
is fall asleep.
Uh‐oh...
He's losing their attention.
(Gong)
Losing whose attention?
Seems like you two
are up to something...
something no good!
♪
If you're getting
stage fright, Yuya...
Then I guess it's up to me
to whip up the crowd!
I activate Treasure Boat Of The
Lucky Seven's effect,
which lets me draw an extra card
for every monster
I have on the boat.
That means I draw two cards!
Ha!
You may have
gotten two cards
but that's
two cards too late.
Oh, yeah?
Well, then maybe a third
will do the trick, old timer!
You draw two cards,
but you want an Action Card
on top o' that!?
You're a greedy one, kid.
Winners don't wait,
we go out and grab victory,
right, Yuya?
(Gong)
Snap out of it Yuya!
Gong knows you better than you
know yourself.
Gong can tell when you're
worried, and Gong bets you're
worried about Zuzu.
Of course I am Gong!
Listen, Gong's worried too.
But Gong's got a plan.
Not just Gong though.
We got a plan.
Hi!
Whoosh!
(Gong)
Do what you gotta do!
And we'll do what we gotta do.
Yeah!
And now it's...
Showtime!
(crowd cheering)
Sounds like Yuya
is ready to join the fun.
I activate Hippo Carnival!
(indistinct shouting)
(unintelligible chanting)
Huh?!
It's a... stampede!
(screaming)
Hi‐ho, hippo!
(Yuya shouts)
I want in
on this action!
(all yelling)
(Yuya laughing)
(Sylvio screaming)
(groaning)
(surprised gasp)
What're you doing?
Wow, you okay kid?
That was some move.
Hey, what's going on here?
(gasps)
Oh, no!
Where did he go?
(grunts)
Stop!
(rapid thuds)
(men groaning)
(Gong groaning)
You been walking around
on your hands?
Why're you here?
Gong came to rescue you.
Like I need help.
(growls)
Fools.
Hey!
Wait up!
♪
(clattering)
Who's there?
Dennis?
Your knight in...
no armor is here
to rescue you, princess.
Take my hand
and I'll lead the way.
(whistle blowing)
(man)
Jail break!
Stop the duel!
Nobody move!
(growls)
Yo... Crow!
(man)
Boys!
Looks to me like...
you've been misbehaving.
That's bad news for you.
Very bad!
(pan clangs)
Huh!?
Huh?
(growling)
Sorry...
(men gasp)
(growling)
Rumble time!
(men grunting)
(men groaning)
You don't have to knock
everyone out, you know.
Don't move a muscle!
(crowd shouting)
Get ready for
the ride of your life!
(screaming)
Hey, what's with the pit stop?
A real duelist doesn't
leave his duel disk behind.
Come on.
Hey, wait!
Chojiro...
This duel was just
a distraction for a jailbreak?
What're you
trying to say?
Sorry, Chojiro.
But I have to
save my friend Zuzu.
(indistinct shouting)
(Yuya)
Listen, my friends
out there all alone
and Security's
trying to get her.
I can't let that happen.
Chojiro, I have to find her.
Then go.
(door opening)
(grunting)
Chojiro!
I'll hold 'em back...
You get out of here!
Good luck, kid.
(screaming)
(man)
It's a rare card!
(surprised grunts)
(man 2)
It's raining rare cards!
(laughter)
Thanks for watching the show!
And as a token
of our gratitude,
here's a rare card
for everyone in attendance
courtesy of Hero Chojiro!
(man laughing)
There are cards everywhere!
(shouting and laughter)
(man)
Hey, boss!
You get goin' while we got the
guards distracted and help Yuya!
We can take care of ourselves.
Thank you...
(man)
We got plenty more!
You get a card,
and you get a card!
Everybody gets a card!
I'll never forget
what you've done for me.
Never.
Let's go, Yuya.
Huh?
Yeah.
It's time, Sylvio!
And leave these rares behind?
(groans)
I activate the Action Card
Curtain Clap!
And speaking of curtains...
This show's a wrap!
We've all had a blast performing
for you, but now it's time for
us to take a bow.
Good night, Facilty!
(fireworks whistling, exploding)
(crowd cheering)
♪
(Yuya)
I'm on my way, Zuzu!
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪